[Fixes #6576] - Updates about_Parsing (#6621)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md

```powershell
Write-Host book
```

PowerShell breaks the command into two tokens, `Write-Host` and `book`, and
interprets each token independently using one of two major parsing modes:
expression mode and argument mode.

> > [!NOTE] If a verb isn't provided for a cmdlet, PowerShell prepends `Get` to
> > the command as a default verb. For example, PowerShell will parse `Process`
> > as `Get-Process`. It's not recommended to use this feature for the following
> > reasons:
> >
> > - It's inefficient. PowerShell will search normally and if that fails, repeat
> >   with `Get` prepended.
> > - External programs with the same name preempt the verb-less name.
> > - `Get-Help` and `Get-Command` don't recognize verb-less names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> As PowerShell parses command input it tries to resolve the command names to
> cmdlets or native executables. If a command name does not have an exact
> match, PowerShell prepends `Get-` to the command as a default verb. For
> example, PowerShell parses `Process` as `Get-Process`. It's not
> recommended to use this feature for the following reasons:
>
> - It's inefficient. This causes PowerShell to search multiple times.
> - External programs with the same name are resolved first, so you may not
>   execute intended cmdlet.
> - `Get-Help` and `Get-Command` don't recognize verb-less names.
```

### Expression mode

Expression mode is intended for combining expressions, required for value
manipulation in a scripting language. Expressions are representations of values
in PowerShell syntax, and can be simple or composite, for example:

Literal expressions are direct representations of their values:

```powershell

> 'hello', 32, $true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'hello', 32
```
